Add message sub-type example (#2)
across-protocol/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7683.md

All sub-types SHOULD be registered at github.com/erc-7683/order-subtypes to encourage sharing of sub-types based on their functionality.

### Decoding cross-chain orders

> A compliant cross-chain order type MUST be convertible into the `ResolvedCrossChainOrder` struct. This means that the `orderData` must be decoded into parameters that are used to populate the `ResolvedCrossChainOrder` struct. The decoded `orderData` SHOULD also contain data to construct a sub-type, which can be used for further functionality such as cross-chain calldata execution. It is the responsibility of the `user` and the `filler` to ensure that the `settlementContract` supports their order's contained sub-type. For example, there might be a sub-type called `Message`, which is defined by the following structs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A compliant cross-chain order type MUST be convertible into the `ResolvedCrossChainOrder` struct. This means that the `orderData` must be decoded into the information needed to populate the `ResolvedCrossChainOrder` struct. Additionally, `orderData` SHOULD be decodable into a sub-type, which can be used for further functionality such as cross-chain calldata execution. It is the responsibility of the `user` and the `filler` to ensure that the `settlementContract` supports their order's contained sub-type. For example, there might be a sub-type called `Message`, which is defined by the following structs:
```

// The Message contains calls that the user wants executed on the destination chain.
// The target is a contract on the destination chain that the settlement contract will attempt to send callData and value to.
struct Calls {
  address target;
  bytes callData;
  uint256 value;
}

// A fallbackRecipient can be set by the user in case sending the callData to the target reverts and the user still wants to guarantee that they receive their value to an EOA
// on the destination chain.
struct Message {
  Calls[] calls;
  address fallbackRecipient;
}
```

The `Message` sub-type is designed to be used by a 7683 user to incentivize a filler to to execute arbitrary calldata on a target destination chain contracton the user's behalf. For example, the settlement contract might decode the `orderData` containing the message information as follows:

```solidity
function fill(bytes32 orderId, bytes calldata originData, bytes calldata fillerData) public {
	// Input[] userInputs;
	// Output[] maxOutputs;
	// Output[] minFillerOutputs;
	(
		address user,
		uint32 originChainId,

> 		uint32 initiateDeadline,

Reviewer: I don't think either of these are needed on the destination chain!

Author: true: https://github.com/across-protocol/ERCs/pull/2/commits/123b90a1cecfec9f15984b4630abf8b98707e676

		uint32 fillDeadline,
		Input[] memory userInputs,
		Output[] memory maxOutputs,

>  		Output[] memory minFillerOutputs,

Reviewer: I think this downplays one of the really nice advantages of the structure of 7683: we typically don't need inputs or filler outputs on the destination chain. We also probably don't need an _array_ of outputs, since we know what chain we're doing the fill on (so only one of the elements is really being executed here).

Author: Hm fair point that's the nice thing about `originData` actually. Does this make sense? https://github.com/across-protocol/ERCs/pull/2/commits/123b90a1cecfec9f15984b4630abf8b98707e676

> 		Instructions memory instructions

Reviewer: Where are instructions defined?

Author: Oops, I replaced Instructions with Calls. Fixed https://github.com/across-protocol/ERCs/pull/2/commits/dadf87dc765861ba23a03b115f582fa6331aa7cb

            this.attemptCalls(instructions.calls);
            return;
        }

        // Otherwise, try the call and send to the fallback recipient if any tokens are leftover.
        (bool success, ) = address(this).call(abi.encodeCall(this.attemptCalls, (instructions.calls)));
        if (!success) emit CallsFailed(instructions.calls, instructions.fallbackRecipient);

        // If there are leftover tokens, send them to the fallback recipient regardless of execution success.
        _drainRemainingTokens(token, payable(instructions.fallbackRecipient));
    }

    function attemptCalls(Call[] memory calls) external onlySelf {
        uint256 length = calls.length;
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < length; ++i) {
            Call memory call = calls[i];

            // If we are calling an EOA with calldata, assume target was incorrectly specified and revert.
            if (call.callData.length > 0 && call.target.code.length == 0) {
                revert InvalidCall(i, calls);
            }

            (bool success, ) = call.target.call{ value: call.value }(call.callData);
            if (!success) revert CallReverted(i, calls);
        }
    }

>     function _drainRemainingTokens(address token, address payable destination) internal {

Reviewer: While I think this is closer to what a user/integrator might really want, the complexity may be intimidating in a canonical example. Thoughts on showing something simpler, like one where if the calls fail, the entire fill reverts with no fallback?

Author: Ok yeah but we should add the drain logic to the erc7683 repo if we want to seed it with a subtype

```
Message

The Message subtype allows ERC7683 intents to carry messages that are executed on the destination chain.

Struct MessageInfo {
  bytes message;
  address fallbackTarget;
}

Sub-type selector: "Message"

The intent recipient will receive the tokens, then the message will be called. If the fallbackTarget is set, then, in the case of revert, the tokens will be sent to the fallbackTarget. If not set, reverts will cause the entire transaction to fail and the intent will be impossible to fulfill.

To use this extension, abi.encode the Message function (pre-pending the selector). Then include those bytes in the list of sub-types in the ERC 7683 orderData.
```

Then, the `orderData` could be decoded as follows within a `settlementContract`'s fill function:

```solidity

// Let's assume we have the original 7683 order's orderData:
bytes memory orderData;

> (ResolvedCrossChainOrder memory resolvedCrossChainOrder, bytes[] subtypes) = abi.decode(orderData)

Author: I'm curious what you think @mrice32 about the best way to delimit between the parameters needed to fill out a ResolvedCrossChainOrder and anything for the subtype. We'd need to (1) know the type of subtype struct to look for and also where in the `bytes orderdata` to find this information.

// The Message contains calls that the user wants executed on the destination chain.
// The target is a contract on the destination chain that the settlement contract will attempt to send callData and value to.
struct Calls {
  address target;
  bytes callData;
  uint256 value;
}

struct Message {
  Calls[] calls;
}
```

The `Message` sub-type is designed to be used by a 7683 user to incentivize a filler to to execute arbitrary calldata on a target destination chain contracton the user's behalf. For example, the settlement contract might decode the `orderData` containing the message information as follows:

```solidity
function fill(bytes32 orderId, bytes calldata originData, bytes calldata fillerData) public {
	(
		address user,
		uint32 fillDeadline,
		Output memory fillerOutput,
		Message memory message
	) = abi.decode(originData);

	// ...Do some preprocessing on the parameters here to validate the order...

	// ...Execute the fill logic of the ResolvedCrossChainOrder...

	// Handle the Message subtype:

        // Revert if any of the message calls fail.

> 	this.attemptCalls(message.calls);
>     }
> 
>     function attemptCalls(Call[] memory calls) external onlySelf {
>         uint256 length = calls.length;
>         for (uint256 i = 0; i < length; ++i) {
>             Call memory call = calls[i];
> 
>             // If we are calling an EOA with calldata, assume target was incorrectly specified and revert.
>             if (call.callData.length > 0 && call.target.code.length == 0) {
>                 revert InvalidCall(i, calls);
>             }
> 
>             (bool success, ) = call.target.call{ value: call.value }(call.callData);
>             if (!success) revert CallReverted(i, calls);
>         }
>     }

Reviewer: I think we can drop the function now that we no longer need to handle failures

```suggestion
        uint256 length = message.calls.length;
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < length; ++i) {
            Call memory call = message.calls[i];

            // If we are calling an EOA with calldata, assume target was incorrectly specified and revert.
            if (call.callData.length > 0 && call.target.code.length == 0) {
                revert InvalidCall(i, calls);
            }

            (bool success, ) = call.target.call{ value: call.value }(call.callData);
            if (!success) revert CallReverted(i, message.calls);
        }
    }
```
